---
title: Wix React Native UI - Demo Color Screen
date: 2019-06-20 15:32:36
tags:
---

## Color Screen

First component is the Toast from UIlib, his visibility is controlled by the state.showToast which is by default set to false. 

The screen then creates for every color defined in UIlib a tiny circle view (5x5 pixels), the view is filled with corresponding color. The view encapsulating the circle views has the following styles :
	
	flexDirection: 'row',
	flexWrap: 'wrap',
	
After that the screen group up the colors based on theirs names and builds for each group a horizontal scroll view. The horizontal scroll bar is hidden by using 

	showHorizontalScrollIndicator={false}
	
In style sheet section it shows the modifier can not only be used as an component attribute, also inside style creation.

	colorBlockLabel : {
		...Typography.text90
	}
	
The width or height of a component can be specified relative to the window size, see below :
	
	const {width} = Dimensions.get('window');
	colorBlock: {
		width: width * 0.35,
		height: width * 0.25
	}

## Spacing Screen

To put the children component to two ends of the parent view.

	<View row spread bottom>
		<Text text60 dark10>{key}</Text>
		<Text dark30 text90>{value}</Text>
	</View>
	
## Typography Screen

By importing the Typography class from UIlib, the modifiers such as text10, text50 can then be used to define the font size.

The child view in the main scroll view have following styles :
	
	borderColor: Colors.dark70,
	borderBottomWidth: 1,
	
## TouchableOpacity Screen

UIlib provides another TouchableOpacity component which can throttle the user press actions. Throttling enforces a maximum number of times the component respond to touches over time.

	<TouchableOpacity throttleTime={1200}
			onPress={() => this.count()}>
		<Text text40>Click Me!</Text>
	</TouchableOpacity>
